It never happened, but he still calls me at least 3 times a week.

He is that supportive.

So there you have it.

That is my husband and me in a nutshell.

And we are happy and we are lucky.

It is a good thing.

So, without further ado, here is some of the advice you can learn from me and my husband on how to keep the spark in your marriage.

1.

Take things a little slower.

I am not saying you have to go three days without sex, but I am saying you should not have sex with no commitment.

If it is just a way to get some release, then you should wait for a reason.

2.

Pay attention to your spouse.

We have all heard it before, and I have said it, but pay attention to what your spouse says and does.

I truly believe that what a person says is what he or she truly means.

If you say that you love your spouse and want to spend every waking moment with them, then do it.

If your spouse says that he or she loves you and wants to have sex every single day, then do that.

Don't do it because it makes you feel good, do it because that is how you are supposed to feel.

3.

Talk to your spouse.

A lot.

Your spouse is not some robot.

He or she is someone who is living his or her life, and if you are not talking to him or her, then you are not paying attention to how he or she is doing.

Tell them how you feel and about what is going on in your life.

Try to have an open and honest relationship with your spouse, because that is something you will be sorry you did not do.

4.

Exercise together.

It does not matter if you are married or not.

It is something that will give you something to do with your spouse, something to talk about and someone to live vicariously through.

I truly believe that an important part of a marriage is having someone to lean on when things are rough.

And being healthy together is a great way to support your relationship.

5.

Be open to new things together.

You may not have gone to a drive - in before, but try it out.

If you have never cooked together, try it out.

Take a class together.

Go bowling.

Take a walk on the beach.

Whatever it is, make it a new adventure.

6.

Listen to each other.

Don't talk over the other person.

And, if you really have to, excuse yourself and let them talk.

Don't try to rush them.

Don't tell your spouse how to fix a problem.

Just listen and let them talk.

Don't try to fix anything and make no mistakes and listen to everything your spouse has to say.

7.

Date.

Get out of the house, leave the kids with a sitter, and have a date night.

Or at least a night of your own, even if it is just ordering takeout and watching Netflix.

Get creative and have fun with each other.

8.

Make it a point to thank each other.

This should be something that you do regularly, but do it just as often.

I truly believe that, in our day and age, it is really easy to overlook the little things your spouse does for you.

Take a few minutes and thank him or her for the things they do for you.

We all know that we all have things that we do for each other, but it is easy to forget sometimes.

9.

Be passionate.

Do not be afraid to kiss each other or hold hands.

If you have ever been married and people have noticed that you are married, you have probably been asked if you are okay or if you are "attached."

If you are together, you should not have to have a sign around your neck to let the world know that you are together.

10.

Do something romantic.

Pamper each other.

Do it once in a while.

Make it special.

Rent a movie and order takeout.

Hang out at home and just be.

Look at each other and just be in the moment.

Look at each other and just enjoy being with each other.

Date, and don't expect anything.

If you are married, you should just be with your spouse and enjoy him or her.

Don't try to compare your spouse to anyone else's.

Don't expect your spouse to be a supermodel and expect to have a trophy wife.

Love him or her for who they are.

He or she will surprise you at times.

So those are 10 reasons why you should get married.

I know there are some other really good reasons, but those are my ten.

If you are not married, get married.

Make it your goal to get married one day.

I know I will be one day.

I know I will marry the man of my dreams.

I know this.

But getting married does not have to happen tomorrow.

It has to be a goal that you work towards every day, and you make a goal of how many years you want to get married for.

Marriage is very important, and it is something that you do not need to wait for some reason.

There are so many good reasons to get married, and if you wait for a million different reasons before you get married, you are never going to get married.

If you want to get married, you need to make it a goal to get married.

I made that goal a couple years ago, and I worked my way up to my marriage.

The good things in life often come to you when you do not expect them.

Be